feat(daemon): Add session archive support (#6058)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/developers/qwen-serve-protocol.md

- `400` — `workspace_mismatch` (same shape as `POST /session`).
- `503` — `session_limit_exceeded` (counts against `--max-sessions`; in-flight restores are accounted for too).
- `409` — `restore_in_progress` (a `session/resume` for the same id is already in flight). `Retry-After: 5`. Same-action races (two concurrent `session/load` for the same id) coalesce — exactly one returns `attached: false`, the rest return `attached: true` with the same `state`.
- `409` — `session_archived` when the id exists only under `chats/archive/`; call `POST /sessions/unarchive` before `load` or `resume`.

> - `409` — `session_archiving` when archive or unarchive is in flight for the same id. `Retry-After: 5`.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** `SessionConflictError` (409, `code: 'session_conflict'`) is returned by the server (error-response.ts:255-258) when a session JSONL exists in both `chats/` and `chats/archive/`, but this error code is not documented anywhere in the protocol docs. The docs list `session_archived` and `session_archiving` but omit `session_conflict`.

SDK consumers and integrators have no protocol reference for the conflict state. Consider adding a line here:

```suggestion
- `409` — `session_conflict` when the id exists in both `chats/` and `chats/archive/`; delete the session or manually clean up the duplicate files.
```

_— glm-5.2 via Qwen Code /review_
